My initial impression of the website heroku.com was that it was well organized because of the site’s well designed layout.  It incorporates the use of a double layout on the homepage, as well as the how it works, and pricing pages in order to organize the information displayed to the user.   Furthermore, the site uses the gallery layout on the Add-ons page to categorize the several different types of add-ons they provide.  This use of the gallery layout helped me to search through the different types of add-ons with ease.   Additionally, the color scheme I found to be unique and fitting to the services they are providing.  I also enjoyed how they had a clearly defined header and footer incorporating the menu tabs and extra information, respectively.
	On the pricing page, heroku.com has a type of gauge-bar graph that allows the user to determine the pricing for the Web and Worker Dynos.  Upon hovering over the Web or Worker Dynos arrows, a ‘hand’ cursor appeared, suggesting that I should be able to drag the arrows up and down to determine the pricing based on the amount of Dynos I had.  However, I could not drag these items.  It took me a while to figure out that I actually had to click on the graph’s incremental ‘ticks’ or lines, in order to view the pricing.  I found this particular feature of the site to be confusing, which is very significant because as a customer who is seriously considering purchasing their services, I would want to know their pricing when I go to their pricing page.  I shouldn’t have to spend time trying to figure out how to get the final cost of what I am trying to purchase.

Why I choose the layouts for my personal site:
For the home, portfolio and stocks pages of my site, I choose to implement the double layout style because the type of content and information could be grouped into two separate categories on these pages.  This helped to organize these pages by providing left and right sections of the content, rather than just hierarchically reading down the pages.

For the tips page, I used the single layout in order to better organize the page.  I chose this style because all of the content on this page is related to each other and therefore I did not find it useful to group then into their own sections.

