Upon first navigating to unitedpixelworkers.com, I felt a little bit lost and overwhelmed.  They have a lot of images and of their products all over the place, and it took me a little bit of time to get the hang of using their site, which is something they need to improve on.  However, once I became familiar with the site, it seemed to get more and more user friendly with every click!
First off, I like how colorful their t-shirts are.  It really jumps out of the page at the user and makes the user want to learn more about their shirts.  Additionally, I really like the added effect of when the user hovers over a shirt’s image and it toggles upward a bit.  This just adds to the overall feel and user interaction.  Furthermore, upon clicking on a shirt to view its details, the site takes the user to a new page with information and an image of the shirt.  I think it is really cool how the user can hover over the image on this page, and it automatically zooms in, with the user having to do anything.  The user can then move around while in zoom mode and examine the shirt more closely.  This actually enabled me to examine ‘Daddy’s Working’ shirt, and after reading the text on it, I want one!
However, I did notice a couple of issues with the site.  When on a shirt’s informational page, the image for the ‘about the designer’ section was broken in some instances.  More importantly, when adding a product to the ‘cart’, there was no obvious message or alert of some kind to notify me that I succeeded in doing so.  I finally realized that the ‘cart’ icon on the top-right side of the page would perform a little animation when I added new items to the cart, but it was very subtle.  Also, it did not do this when adding extra quantities of a shirt that was already in my cart.  
Overall, unitedpixelworkers.com was a pretty cool site with a clean, friendly, and smooth feel.  Once they make their user’s shopping experience less confusing, I might just come back and buy some of their shirts!
